After I read their question, I first viewed their issue with the link they provided, just to make sure the issue was occurring as they described, and to make sure they provided me with the correct link to their work. If they gave me the wrong link, I could quickly reply to them asking for the correct one to make sure I had all the resources I needed to get started. Then I assessed what they were trying to accomplish to make sure I understood fully what their end goal was. From experience, I have familiarity with what this specific user was trying to do, so I was able to understand their goals in my head. However, if I had difficulty understanding someone's end goal, I would write it down, use diagrams, or research until I understood. I start with this because then I can create an outline of what to do to help, which is important to make since it can be very easy to either a) start working on the wrong issue or b) get sidetracked with other issues. 

---

My outline consisted of the following steps:
  1. I then verified the tiles weren't displaying as they described by testing the webpage myself, to ensure the isse they described aligned with the error occurring on the page.
  2.  Since I knew the goal was to first hide the map and then resize & show it, I overviewed the [Mapbox documentation for including a map on a web page](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/). To be as efficient as possible, I did this before even looking at their code and only did a quick review to familiarize myself with the basic requirements for this task. This would allow me to identify possible quick fixes, such as forgetting an API key, not defining the map container at all, not including the Mapbox scripts, not including tile layers, etc.
  3. I then opened their source code in Developer Tools to identify any quick fixes. When I saw the issue wasn't basic, I went back to the documentation to review it in more detail. I reviewed all of the absulute required steps to get the map displayed and compared this to their code to make sure they completed each step, such as defining the map container *before* trying to display the map in it, making sure they were using the right product for their account, etc.
  4. Once I saw they essentially completed all the basic steps, I made sure the issue wasn't already addressed on the Mapbox troubleshooting page, [which it was](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/troubleshooting/blank-tiles/#your-map-is-hidden)! I saw a help page for people specifically running into issues with hiding a map and then showing it. I used this to help me debug. When I read that whenever a map container was either resized or shown with `mapContainer.show();`, the map also needed to be resized with `map.resize();`, I changed the code in the developer tools to be correct and test it. <br> *Note: I made sure to not change as much of their code as possible, which is important because there are often many solutions to one problem... but often times people only send snippets of their code, so changing their code lots could disturb other parts of their code that they maybe didn't send. For example, the first solution I thought of was defining the div style height to be 200px from the getgo, then the only property that would [need to change is the `display: none` to `display: block`](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_display_visibility.asp). While this would be a perfectly fine solution since there are multiple ways to hide a div element and this is a popular way to hide a map, I needed to stick with keeping their code, which first defined a map container style property as `height: 0px;` and changed it to `height: 200px;`.*
  5. To test the solution I gave them, I edited their code in the Developer Tools for both Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge, and finally I put their code in my own text editor and ran the solution on my local machine to make sure the issue was solved across different browsers/clients. After this check I was confident in replying with a solution!

---

The resources I included are the Mapbox pages linked above in numbers 2 and 4. I chose to only rely on Mapbox documentation pages for this because I can vouch for Mapbox help pages as a Mapbox employee, but I can't necessairly vouch for or credit other help pages such as on StackOverflow. Also, the issue was simple enough to where few Mapbox resources were needed to explain the issue to them. Attaching the resources kept the solution/advice informative and short but also gave them the option to research more if they wanted.

---

I made sure to be friendly in my reply to make them feel welcome in reaching out. Then I wanted to make them feel understood and heard by reiterating their issue to them. My approach to the structure of the reply was to first give them the solution and then follow this with an explaination. This was to not require them to read through lots of text before getting the answer they wanted. I don't know what their schedule or other objectives are, so I can't rule out that they may not care about the deeper explanation and may want just a quick fix. <br>
I also focused on consiceness. I was tempted to go further in my explanation with topics like the map and container being two separate objects, which is why the map needs to know when the container changees, but I decided to leave that out to keep the reply concise and direct. However, to comprimise, I made sure to let the customer know they should reach out to me with further questions in case they wanted more clarification on some HTML or JavaScript concepts.
